so they brought the Ark of God and set
so they brought the Ark of God and set it in the midst of the tabernacle that
it in the midst of the tabernacle that
it in the midst of the tabernacle that David had erected for it then they
David had erected for it then they
David had erected for it then they offered burnt offerings and peace
offered burnt offerings and peace
offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before God and when David had
offerings before God and when David had
offerings before God and when David had finished offering the burnt offerings
finished offering the burnt offerings
finished offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings he blessed the
and the peace offerings he blessed the
and the peace offerings he blessed the people in the name of the law
people in the name of the law
people in the name of the law then he distributed to everyone of
then he distributed to everyone of
then he distributed to everyone of Israel both man and woman to everyone a
Israel both man and woman to everyone a
Israel both man and woman to everyone a loaf of bread a piece of meat and a cake
loaf of bread a piece of meat and a cake
loaf of bread a piece of meat and a cake of raisins and he appointed some of the
of raisins and he appointed some of the
of raisins and he appointed some of the Levites to minister before the Ark of
Levites to minister before the Ark of
Levites to minister before the Ark of the Lord to commemorate to thank and to
the Lord to commemorate to thank and to
the Lord to commemorate to thank and to praise the Lord God of Israel
praise the Lord God of Israel
praise the Lord God of Israel Asaph the chief and next to him
Asaph the chief and next to him
Asaph the chief and next to him Zechariah then Jil shamira Mothe cahaya
Zechariah then Jil shamira Mothe cahaya
Zechariah then Jil shamira Mothe cahaya mattifier Eliab binaya and obed-edom jio
mattifier Eliab binaya and obed-edom jio
mattifier Eliab binaya and obed-edom jio with stringed instruments and harps but
with stringed instruments and harps but
with stringed instruments and harps but a surf made music with cymbals benaiah
a surf made music with cymbals benaiah
a surf made music with cymbals benaiah and jahaziel the priests regularly blew
and jahaziel the priests regularly blew
and jahaziel the priests regularly blew the trumpets before the Ark of the
the trumpets before the Ark of the
the trumpets before the Ark of the Covenant of God on that day David first
Covenant of God on that day David first
Covenant of God on that day David first delivered this Psalm into the hand of a
delivered this Psalm into the hand of a
delivered this Psalm into the hand of a SEF and his brethren to thank the Lord o
SEF and his brethren to thank the Lord o
SEF and his brethren to thank the Lord o give thanks to the lord call upon his
give thanks to the lord call upon his
give thanks to the lord call upon his name make known his deeds among the
name make known his deeds among the
name make known his deeds among the peoples sing to him sing psalms to him
peoples sing to him sing psalms to him
peoples sing to him sing psalms to him talk of all his wondrous works glory in
talk of all his wondrous works glory in
talk of all his wondrous works glory in his holy name let the hearts of those
his holy name let the hearts of those
his holy name let the hearts of those rejoice who seek the Lord seek the Lord
rejoice who seek the Lord seek the Lord
rejoice who seek the Lord seek the Lord and his strength seek his face evermore
and his strength seek his face evermore
and his strength seek his face evermore remember his marvelous works which he
remember his marvelous works which he
remember his marvelous works which he has done his wonders and the judgments
has done his wonders and the judgments
has done his wonders and the judgments of his mouth o seed of Israel his
of his mouth o seed of Israel his
of his mouth o seed of Israel his servant you children of Jacob his chosen
servant you children of Jacob his chosen
servant you children of Jacob his chosen ones he is the Lord our God his
ones he is the Lord our God his
ones he is the Lord our God his judgments are in all the earth remember
judgments are in all the earth remember
judgments are in all the earth remember his covenant forever
his covenant forever
his covenant forever the word which he commanded for a
the word which he commanded for a
the word which he commanded for a thousand generations the covenant which
thousand generations the covenant which
thousand generations the covenant which he made with Abraham and his oath to
he made with Abraham and his oath to
he made with Abraham and his oath to Isaac and confirmed it to Jacob for a
Isaac and confirmed it to Jacob for a
Isaac and confirmed it to Jacob for a statute to Israel for an everlasting
statute to Israel for an everlasting
statute to Israel for an everlasting covenant saying to you I will give the
covenant saying to you I will give the
covenant saying to you I will give the land of Canaan as the allotment of your
land of Canaan as the allotment of your
land of Canaan as the allotment of your inheritance when you were few in number
inheritance when you were few in number
inheritance when you were few in number indeed very few and strangers in it when
indeed very few and strangers in it when
indeed very few and strangers in it when they went from one nation to another and
they went from one nation to another and
they went from one nation to another and from one kingdom to another people he
from one kingdom to another people he
from one kingdom to another people he permitted no man to do them wrong
permitted no man to do them wrong
permitted no man to do them wrong yes he rebuked Kings for their sakes
yes he rebuked Kings for their sakes
yes he rebuked Kings for their sakes saying do not touch my anointed ones and
saying do not touch my anointed ones and
saying do not touch my anointed ones and do my prophets no harm sing to the Lord
do my prophets no harm sing to the Lord
do my prophets no harm sing to the Lord all the earth proclaim the good news of
all the earth proclaim the good news of
all the earth proclaim the good news of his salvation from day to day declare
his salvation from day to day declare
his salvation from day to day declare his glory among the nations his wonders
his glory among the nations his wonders
his glory among the nations his wonders among all peoples for the Lord is great
among all peoples for the Lord is great
among all peoples for the Lord is great and greatly to be praised
and greatly to be praised
and greatly to be praised he is also to be feared above all gods
he is also to be feared above all gods
he is also to be feared above all gods for all the gods of the peoples are
for all the gods of the peoples are
for all the gods of the peoples are idols but the Lord made the heavens
idols but the Lord made the heavens
idols but the Lord made the heavens honor and Majesty are before him
honor and Majesty are before him
honor and Majesty are before him strength and gladness are in his place
strength and gladness are in his place
strength and gladness are in his place give to the Lord of families of the
give to the Lord of families of the
give to the Lord of families of the peoples give to the Lord glory and
peoples give to the Lord glory and
peoples give to the Lord glory and strength give to the Lord the glory due
strength give to the Lord the glory due
strength give to the Lord the glory due his name bring an offering and come
his name bring an offering and come
his name bring an offering and come before him Oh
before him Oh
before him Oh worship the Lord in the beauty of
worship the Lord in the beauty of
worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness tremble before him all the
holiness tremble before him all the
holiness tremble before him all the earth the world also is firmly
earth the world also is firmly
earth the world also is firmly established it shall not be moved let
established it shall not be moved let
established it shall not be moved let the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be glad and let them say among the nation's
glad and let them say among the nation's
glad and let them say among the nation's the Lord raised let the sea roar and all
the Lord raised let the sea roar and all
the Lord raised let the sea roar and all its fullness
its fullness
its fullness let the field rejoice and all that is in
let the field rejoice and all that is in
let the field rejoice and all that is in it then the trees of the woods shall
it then the trees of the woods shall
it then the trees of the woods shall rejoice before the Lord for he is coming
rejoice before the Lord for he is coming
rejoice before the Lord for he is coming to judge the earth give thanks to the
to judge the earth give thanks to the
to judge the earth give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever and say save us O God of
endures forever and say save us O God of
endures forever and say save us O God of our salvation gather us together and
our salvation gather us together and
our salvation gather us together and deliver us from the Gentiles to give
deliver us from the Gentiles to give
deliver us from the Gentiles to give thanks to your holy name to triumph in
thanks to your holy name to triumph in
thanks to your holy name to triumph in your praise blessed be the Lord God of
your praise blessed be the Lord God of
your praise blessed be the Lord God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting
Israel from everlasting to everlasting
Israel from everlasting to everlasting and all the people said and praised the
and all the people said and praised the
and all the people said and praised the Lord so he left ASA and his brothers
Lord so he left ASA and his brothers
Lord so he left ASA and his brothers there before the Ark of the Covenant of
there before the Ark of the Covenant of
there before the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to Minister before the Ark
the Lord to Minister before the Ark
the Lord to Minister before the Ark regularly as every day's work required
regularly as every day's work required
regularly as every day's work required and obed-edom with his 68 brethren
and obed-edom with his 68 brethren
and obed-edom with his 68 brethren including obed-edom the son of jeju
including obed-edom the son of jeju
including obed-edom the son of jeju 'then and HOSA to be gatekeepers and
'then and HOSA to be gatekeepers and
'then and HOSA to be gatekeepers and Zadok the priest and his brethren the
Zadok the priest and his brethren the
Zadok the priest and his brethren the priests before the tabernacle of the
priests before the tabernacle of the
priests before the tabernacle of the Lord at the high place that was at
Lord at the high place that was at
Lord at the high place that was at Gibeon to offer burnt offerings to the
Gibeon to offer burnt offerings to the
Gibeon to offer burnt offerings to the Lord on the altar of burnt-offering
Lord on the altar of burnt-offering
Lord on the altar of burnt-offering regularly morning and evening and to do
regularly morning and evening and to do
regularly morning and evening and to do according to all that is written in the
according to all that is written in the
according to all that is written in the law of the Lord which he commanded
law of the Lord which he commanded
law of the Lord which he commanded Israel and with them Heymann and jeju
Israel and with them Heymann and jeju
Israel and with them Heymann and jeju 'then and the rest who were chosen who
'then and the rest who were chosen who
'then and the rest who were chosen who were designated by name to give thanks
were designated by name to give thanks
were designated by name to give thanks to the lord because his mercy endures
to the lord because his mercy endures
to the lord because his mercy endures forever and with them Heymann and jeju
forever and with them Heymann and jeju
forever and with them Heymann and jeju 'then to sound aloud with trumpets and
'then to sound aloud with trumpets and
'then to sound aloud with trumpets and cymbals and the musical instruments of
cymbals and the musical instruments of
cymbals and the musical instruments of God
God
God now the sons of Jeju --them were
now the sons of Jeju --them were
now the sons of Jeju --them were gatekeepers then all the people departed
gatekeepers then all the people departed
gatekeepers then all the people departed every man to his house and David
every man to his house and David
every man to his house and David returned to bless his house